Project title: Nas-Horn
Artists: Nas & One, who might be on the way to Pro.
Type: Interactive Installation

The project name is a play on words with the German word for rhino “Nashorn” and the name of the co-creator Nas. 
It aims to enhance human capabilities in the spirit of transhumanism and transgenderism.
An open-source modular robotic inflatable prosthetic phallus is to be attached to the user’s genitals, thus looking like a strapon.
On the „inside,“ there is an transducer which acts as vibration motors that get triggered, 
if the capacitive touch sensor of the prosthesis is activated.
The behavior is programmed using Processing and Open Sound Control which could enable orchestration of a synchronized collective orgasm,
if mass manufactured, which would be interconnected over WiFi.

The reason why a transducer is used, is because the phenomenon of the sensation of touch,
whether an surface is smooth or rough is ultimately just vibration on the skin.
Since such a transducer can create a wide frequency range quickly for which it is used commonly in resonance speakers,
the idea was that it might give the user the sensation of penetration of the prostesis, if it was equipped with the right sensors.

The prostesis is equipped with 6 DOF motion sensor and 4 capacitive touch sensors,
which was connected to an ESP32-S2, which would be connected bidirectionally over Wifi to an Raspberry Pi Zero 2W.
The transducer is connected to a amplification circuit which connects to the Raspberry Pi over Bluetooth to play the generated sound files.
One of the many concepts was let the Raspberry Pi act as an OSC node running a code in Processing,
which would evaluate the sensors and activate the vibration motor at the tip.

The original idea for this project was brainstormed together in 2020, when the mentioned one, who might be on the way to Pro, and Nas met,
to create an inflatable strapon, which would inflate if touched in a specific pattern.
The feature of the inflatablity was accomplished through a hollow multilayer silicon cast,
integrating the sensors in the hull.
It has a pneumatic quickfitting, which is connected to bidirectional pressure sensitive air pump, capable of inflating and deflating.

At the point of the exhibition, the basic hardware, electronics and a test program was working,
all the further processing is still in progress.
  
The reason why the prostheis is purple is because for the mentioned one, who might be on the way to Pro, purple is the color of art,
for whom life purpose it is to redefine the concept of art within his artistic freedom.
Art is whatever keeps humanity alive voluntarily,
The "ultimate" art is to help someone skillfully.
The creation of such a prosthetic device is one of the many skills of the mentioned one, who might be on the way to Pro,
but if Nas wishes so, the color of further iterations can be customized to his specifications.

Here is a link further explaining the "ultimate" art, in chapter 42 "ultimate":
https://github.com/VoiceOfHumanityFoundation/42/releases/latest/

Here is a link for current state of Nas-Horn:
https://hackaday.io/project/183047-nas-horn

